README.md, before:

# RackCurler

Given a Rack env, generate a nicely formatted curl command that approximates the request. Suitable for debugging.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'rack_curler'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install rack_curler

## Usage

Where ```env``` is a Rack env:

    RackCurler.to_curl(env)

Will output something like (depending on the request):

    curl 'https://foo.example.com/hello/times' \
       -X PUT
       -H 'X-Forwarded-For: 127.0.0.1' \
       -H 'X-Forwarded-Proto: https' \
       -H 'Authorization: Basic laiusdfhalnsidufhxalnsuhflsadufhxadlsunxdsauhnlaudflnsuhadsf==' \
       -H 'Accept: application/json' \
       -H 'Cookie: crazy_cookie=alskdjfhasldkjfhxalsdufhxwoeufhxa; normal_cookie=asdfsadhfjlkdsajflksadjfh;'
       --data 'super awesome request body'

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

Commit message:

Update README re: :pretty option

README.md, after:

# RackCurler

Given a Rack env, generate a nicely formatted curl command that approximates the request. Suitable for debugging.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'rack_curler'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install rack_curler

## Usage

Where ```env``` is a Rack env:

    RackCurler.to_curl(env, :pretty => true)

Will output something like (depending on the request):

    curl 'https://foo.example.com/hello/times' \
       -X PUT
       -H 'X-Forwarded-For: 127.0.0.1' \
       -H 'X-Forwarded-Proto: https' \
       -H 'Authorization: Basic laiusdfhalnsidufhxalnsuhflsadufhxadlsunxdsauhnlaudflnsuhadsf==' \
       -H 'Accept: application/json' \
       -H 'Cookie: crazy_cookie=alskdjfhasldkjfhxalsdufhxwoeufhxa; normal_cookie=asdfsadhfjlkdsajflksadjfh;'
       --data 'super awesome request body'

If you don't want the backslash newline formatting, you can omit the ```:pretty``` option and you will get something like:

    curl 'https://foo.example.com/hello/times' -X PUT -H 'X-Forwarded-For: 127.0.0.1' -H 'X-Forwarded-Proto: https' -H 'Authorization: Basic laiusdfhalnsidufhxalnsuhflsadufhxadlsunxdsauhnlaudflnsuhadsf==' -H 'Accept: application/json' -H 'Cookie: crazy_cookie=alskdjfhasldkjfhxalsdufhxwoeufhxa; normal_cookie=asdfsadhfjlkdsajflksadjfh;' --data 'super awesome request body'



## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request
